Connections: 
ssh {user}@{host}

3 Techniques of SSH:
    1.Symmetrical Encryption
        a.Uses one secret key between both parties
        b.Key could be stolen, and used to encript messages being passed between users
        c.Key exchange algorithm used to independently calculate the key for the system
        d.Key is specific for each ssh connection
    2.Asymmetrical Encryption
        a.A message being encripted by a public key can only be decripted by the same systems
            private key
        b.Public keys can only encript data and private keys are the only thing that the can 
            decript public key messages
        c.SSH works by using asymmetrical encription to generate temporary private and public
            keys, and then sends eachother the public key for use during the connection. 
            From there, symmetrical encription is used to pass data between connections.
        d.Difiie Hellman key exchange passes the keys to one another
    3.Hashing
        a.Never meant to decript anything
        b.One way
        c.Verifies messages between systems to ensure the system you are trying to communicate
            to is the one responding.
        d.Completed thru HMAC- hash based max authentication codes. Using a hash function,
            each message must contain a MAC in order to make sure the hashes match on either
            side of the connection. If not, the message has been tampered with

1 more security measure:
    1.Authenticate User
        a.Password prompts occur to ensure only specific people are connected 

.ssh folder:
    Generating a public and private key:
        a.ssh-keygen -C (-C = comment) then enter file location
        b. .pub key can be shared with anyone, other file do not share
    Sharing key with a server:
        a. pbcopy <~/.ssh/keyname.pub (copy key to clipboard)
        b. ssh into server
        c. Either create file or add to file named: authorized_keys
        d. paste key into file
        e. Use command 'ssh-add ~/.ssh/keyname' to add ssh key to ssh connection
        f. SSH is setup and ready for use
